.\"	$OpenBSD: mdoc.template,v 1.10 2007/05/31 22:10:19 jmc Exp $
.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt ANNABOT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm annabot
.Nd Annotations Assertion Based Object Testing for Java
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl a Ar claimfile
.Op Fl b
.Op Fl c Ar className
.Op Fl d Ar dirName
.Op Fl p Ar packageName
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
program verifies assertions about Java annotations compiled into .class files.
The program being verified must be specified, either as a class
or package name or by directory.
The assertions are contained in "claim" files that may be specified
in one or more -c files.
If there is no -c argument, the claim files in the
.Nm
program's distribution directory are used.
The
.Op fl b
flag may be used to exclude the built-in claim files.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The
CLASSPATH
variable will be used to find both the code being tested
and its dependent classes (which must include the annotations,
as these are part of the API classpath).
.Sh FILES
Claim files are in a format documented in the AnnaBot documentation.
.Sh EXAMPLES
.DS
.Nm
.Fl p
jabadex
.DE
.Pp
This would test all classes in the "jabadex" package
using only built-in claim files.
.DS
.Nm
.Fl c
jabadex.ToDo
.Fl c
myAssertions
.Fl b
.DE
.Pp
This would test the class jabadex.ToDo
using only the claims made in the
myAssertions 
file.
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" .Xr foobar 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.Sh AUTHORS
The initial author of AnnaBot is Ian F. Darwin,
.Ar http://www.darwinsys.com/annabot/ .
.\" .Sh CAVEATS
.Sh BUGS
"Though compilers work from dusk til dawn,
.br
A verifier's work is never done."
